all the rays of good and positive with you again
german and today we have magical news
we talk about solar energy
surely many of you remember
wonderful addon when craft became 2
which was called compact
solar panels so today we have
special mod self more
than which exactly also allows you
create compact solar panels
which produces redstone flags
typical misconception that redstone flags
this is necessarily the thermal expense they are
sure many mods and work on
rf without participation thermal expansion and how
see in this build thermal expansion
no however everything works for example i
still took enter.ru here
Well, specifically that it was clear that energy
goes as you see here actually there
six levels of these solar panel
the simplest cheapest give
leaders 2 rf for tick in us in
just one second of us
it turns out 20 hours
accordingly, it is somewhere in 40 p f
second crafting the cheapest
panel and forget quality
instant mirrors
boards and pieces of redstone and mirror us
crafting everywhere
from a piece of iron and a 3rd glass it can
upgrade to another solar panel
to the second level already such
that's the way it is used here
solar panel first level and
uses a special core of the first
level and other faces from the two mirrors of the soul
Liza and one piece of redstone on
we go and that's it accordingly
second level solar panel
we produce 16 rf for a tick by the way
do any of these solar panels to have
their own little internal
buffers in which is actually stored
small amount of energy work
they are with any wires though zander ooo
energy grab thermal
expansion or you can simply submit
to the right car like this
right here done with this battery
By the way, yes, let's give for example
stove try well goes energy
next we have a solar panel
level three who are already general 664
riva tag that is four times more than
previous level and which so far
For some reason, it does not craft in any way
some interesting bug but in theory she
must be crafted by analogy from
second level solar panels with
we use second-level kernels which
Kraft us this way let's
we will now check this bug for eshki or
the solar panel just doesn't work
this level second no guys this yet
what a tank but I think for a moment
you view this movie in the tank
will fix
and you will be able to craft
self solar panel and
the third level as they say here we have
so far dead but it's all quick guys
corrects so it doesn't have
fundamental importance further on
the solar panel goes to level 4 which
it seems this way with the use already
some kind of photo- tekkyl second level
which is done using already
Lopez azure its long mirrors
familiar to us and special fotovalo kicx
al of the first level which makes lapis
lazuli with glass and three mirrors just
The cool thing is that we hope
work do you work or where but how
Now we put it too, it works like this
try the third solar panel
level they work ok too
they just do not craft slavic not
happens next we go sunny
the panels directly fifth level
which is already kravets here for this
ingenious recipe used here
the 4th level core which is done like this
way not boring recipe besides everything
other things, but here he will like the block
gold 4 respectively solar
fourth level panels and fountain
valke kill third level is some
photographic or photosensitive
records or something like that doesn't matter
here is glow stone glass and 2ab
sienna shorter recipe complicated junk and
not boring but you get out
1024 g per tick
next we have another solar panel
the sixth level which gives already whole
and you 1904 1906 g for tick and craft with
using a level five kernel
block of diamonds horror here so here
crafting it so beautiful so here but
general recipe such that it is already somewhere thread
end of the game lucy and be able to let
like expensive things like that
taxed dear friends
I hope you liked this would
remarkably interesting mod
extremely useful in the household as well
don't forget to like and
subscribe to call friends and styles
share this video on social networks
but if you need this end of course
the ends of the rollers are shot for you they are for
yourself that is to say to me somewhere
so afraid for watching again everyone
Good luck everyone